What rich man?
Eat this junk food every day
Hello Barrister Xiao
You want to poach me again?
Mr. Tang
I heard today that a dark horse rushed out of Jingmen
Your boss officially hired you after less than a month of internship
I don't know.
Who is it? Isn't it your little boyfriend?
What nonsense?
He is my apprentice
Okay, stop pretending
When did I pack it for you?
Tell me how you developed it
Please come to our unicorn training and training when you have time.
They are not dark horses
He's a donkey at best.
You see, this is clearly the tone of teaching your boyfriend a lesson
Still don't admit
Xiao Jingyi
Do you want to be on my blacklist?
Hey no no no
Did I check your USB stick?
I guess you forgot.
What's on the USB stick?
Are you going to see it now?
Call me when you're done
Well, okay, I'll go see it now.
He looked a little anxious.
But it's normal to talk to people
I can't see anything.
How did the soldier find it?
The two of them often meet there
I often smoke over there.
Did you find anything strange about Wang Yimei when you went to see him that day?
How can you thank me?
Lawyer Tang, I will immediately appoint you as the head of the inner circle. Okay, Eunuch Xiao, I will hang up first. Hey
I rely on, don't worry, don't worry
Let me think about it.